Update Values.md documentation (#705)
hotwired/stimulus: docs/reference/values.md

<meta data-controller="callout" data-callout-text-value="data-loader-url-value=&quot;/messages&quot;">

```html
<div data-controller="loader" data-loader-url-value="/messages">
</div>
```

> The definition of the value data attribute should be specified in the same location as the controller data attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data attributes used for values must be declared on the controlled element, the same one that has the `data-controller `attribute.
```

Just an idea, I think `must` is better than `should` here, also the concept of 'same location' could be confusing.

Author: Great suggestions. Thanks!

> Data attributes used for values must be declared on the controlled element, the same one that has the `data-controller` attribute.

Reviewer 2: I think we are mostly referring the element which holds the `data-controller`  attribute as the "controller element":
```suggestion
Data attributes used for values must be declared on the controller element, the same one that has the `data-controller` attribute.
```

Author: I believe we can omit the term `API` since the whole page is about Values. I will think we have enough context.

Reviewer 2: It's weird to have multiple different terms for the same thing though, especially if there is already an established one.

Author: I undestand. I change the text to a better one to include ideas from you comment and the previous one.
